Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[dramatic upbeat music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[tense orchestral music]
[bright warm music]
- Tell you what I think.
it has Durwood's name
written all over it.
Sit tight. let me get into it.
All right. I'll see
you at the office.
- Everything okay?
- Not even close.
Thanks.
[kettle whistling]
- Before it gets
cold. your breakfast.
- [Conner] Don't even
think about it. Lori!
- Okay. let's move
you over a little.
- You heard her!
- [Beth] Don't you start.
- [Conner] She's the instigator.
- I am not!
- Honey. you're not
still mad at your dad
for missing your game?
- I don't care. whatever.
- Yeah. that's the only
word he says. pretty much.
- You know he wants to be there.
- Yeah. and he works
for a real jerk too.
- Where did you hear that?
- Nowhere. I didn't
say anything.
- Lori. what did I
tell you about that?
You know better.
- Honey. this looks amazing.
You look hot. by the way.
- You think so?
- Absolutely. and I
got us a reservation
at your favorite restaurant.
I'm gonna make it up to
you this time without fail.
Most of the things. I can't
talk about in front of you kids.
- Daddy. when are
we going camping?
I drew a map so
we won't get lost.
- Ooh. love the bear.
Soon. very soon. I promise.
- Yes!
- He's bluffing!
- Don't wait up for your mother.
- Don't wait up for what?
- Gotta go. I'm late.
- Are you sure you're off.
because I can make other
plans with the girls.
- Have I ever not kept my word?
- You serious?
- Do you really want me
to answer that question?
[kettle whistling]
- Hey. you got my message.
Can you grab a seat?
- Nice to see you here.
- Ah.
- What'd you want me to say?
- Actually. I want
you to listen.
Apparently. there's been some
new questions about Lancer.
I got a call from up top.
- Lancer's being investigated
and we're gonna be audited.
Got the call too.
Thank you.
What's the matter?
You look concerned.
Parched?
- I'm not on trial here.
- No. no. not yet.
- Explain something to you.
Do you have any idea
how much litigation
we have to go through to
keep a company like Lancer
in business. who's
involved with more debts
than. let me think. the plague?
"Hey. we're comin' up
with the cure for cancer!"
It's a smoke screen.
over and over again.
and they got the stones to come
after us for double billing?
Double billing.
are you kiddin' me?
When the whole stinkin'
board should be locked up
and rot in federal prison
for the last 20 years?
If it wasn't for us. if
it wasn't for what I did.
you know what. I don't
think I can keep up
with these people.
Fraud. embezzlement. negligence!
Trust me. I have washed these
people clean over and over
and over again to make
them whiter than snow.
And I'm gonna tell
ya somethin'. buddy.
You can't put a
price tag on that!
- I hear you. I'll look into it.
- Yeah. you will look into it.
and then you'll
answer only to me.
- Okay. and when I button
this all up for you.
I have to have
that vacation time.
I've been promising my two kids.
Come on. I need this.
- Are you kiddin' me?
You got one family to
worry about right now.
They're this business.
This job is all you need
to take care of right now.
I think it's time to put
your head in the game. man.
[pensive music]
- [sighs] Really sorry
about this. Doug.
- Appreciate that. Janet.
- Good luck.
- Right.
- Hey. if China sweeps
in like they say.
I'll probably be out there
lookin' for work too.
- Thanks.
[soft pensive music]
- This is even less
than the last one!
- So who wants Chick-fil-A?
Well. I think that
settles it then.
- You know we can't
afford to be eating out.
- I'm gonna buy my
daughter some lunch.
[dramatic pensive music]
- [sighs] You don't
have to act like this
to get what you want.
- Mom. you've told me
this a thousand times.
- Hey. you're better than this.
- I don't need
you to control me!
- [Beth] I just don't
know how to reach you.
- You don't need to reach me!
There's nothing wrong.
- Mom. can we walk to
school today. please?
- Let's go.
- Grow up!
- You grow up.
- No. you grow up.
- [Conner] You grow up.
- [Beth] You grow up.
[telephone ringing]
- Why's my door closed?
- [Bella] Your wife is in there.
- Ex-wife. and I will need you
to interrupt in five minutes.
Schedule a meeting.
- With who?
- I don't care.
- Okay.
- You know she's
trying to bleed me
for everything I have. right?
If there is a woman
in this nation
that's not a certified nut
job. I'd like to meet her.
No offense.
- None taken.
[Michael clears throat]
[tense pensive music]
[telephone ringing]
- Michael. what a
pleasure to see you.
- Oh. no. it's my privilege.
I wouldn't miss
this for the world.
- I know you think that
you can just ride this out.
and I'm gonna let it go.
- I don't know what
you're talkin' about.
- Oh. you think I don't know
about your Cayman accounts.
[Mrs. Durwood laughs]
- Still don't know what
you're talkin' about.
- But I want you to
know. without a doubt.
that I will make you pay.
even if I have to detach
and sell the flesh
from your very bones.
Is that understood?
- I have no doubt.
- Well then.
good day to you.
[telephone ringing]
- Good or bad?
- In a decent mood.
- I don't think you're
gonna make it tonight.
- What's the matter with
you. that's not good news.
- I'm just trying
to be realistic.
- Woe to you of little faith.
- Benjamin. Benjamin. Benjamin.
I should fire you.
- You should promote me.
- Okay. what you're
suggesting here
flies in the face of the records
of maybe the biggest
client we have
in North America. genius.
- Second biggest.
- Let me get this straight.
so you're supposing
that they owe us money.
- Is that what you
read into that?
- Hey. don't play smart with me.
- If in fact Lancer received
funds from the feds.
and even if they overpaid us
into seven or eight figures.
it appears we have a firewall.
A list of services we
provided on a consulting level
over a period of 20 years
that went uncompensated for--
- Okay. okay. okay.
I see what you're do.
[laughs] you know what?
That's almost clever for
somebody as challenged as you.
- If Lancer were
to point the finger
at any accounting irregularity.
let's say for some
bizarre speculation
that they were to say that
you embezzled funds from them.
this would offer
some protection.
or at least slow them
down for a little bit.
I mean. not that
we would need it.
You do have regulated accounting
as for where those
funds went. right?
- Right.
Listen. what this document's
laid out. it's too generic.
This is not gonna
stand up in court.
and how did you get a
hold of this information?
- I just wanted you to know
that we have the moral
high ground here.
puts us in a stronger position.
- It's ambitious.
but if you think
this is gonna get you
upstairs. it won't.
because if I even
allow this to be seen
at a partner's desk. not gonna
have your name on it. son.
- That's why I wake up
every morning. to serve you.
- Huh. well. then. I'm
gonna do you a favor.
and not 'cause you've earned
it. 'cause you haven't yet.
If you can put this into a
format that passes muster
with the boys. then
I might consider
not firing you for accessing
confidential
company information.
void of prior consent.
You got till midnight [mumbles].
- You know. I have a
very important dinner
with my wife tonight.
- Do ya?
Hmm. how exactly you
gonna plan on payin'
for them dinner plans
without this cushy little job
that I happened to
provide for you?
And fear not. I will
give your wife my best.
[melancholic pensive music]
- [Coach] All right. guys.
let's start off talkin'
about our full [mumbles].
Start with the [mumbles]--
- [Tim] Are you still
spendin' the night
after the game Friday?
- No!
- Are your parents
dropping you off.
or do you want a ride
home with my dad?
- Look. I don't even like you.
Nobody likes you.
- Hey. I'm your only friend.
You should try acting like it.
- Fine. I'll come over!
- [Tim] Cool.
- But on one condition.
- What?
- We camp out in the backyard.
After your parents go
to sleep. we sneak out.
- No. I'm not sneaking out!
- [shushes] It's only camping.
And it's up to you.
deal or no deal?
- My mom won't let us.
- Deal or no deal?
- [Coach] And put your shoulder
into it a little bit. okay?
It's all right. I want
to see you knock all--
- Deal.
- Tim. Conner!
Since what I have to say
doesn't seem very important.
how 'bout the two of
you give me 10 more
suicide sprints with William?
- Thanks a lot. Tim.
- [Coach] Now. come
on. fellas. let's go!
You don't need the
ball. come on. guys.
This isn't gonna
cut it in college.
[soft pensive music]
- My daughter has
choir practice today.
so I thought I'd take
off a little early.
- Go ahead.
- [Carol] Sorry.
- It's okay.
- But thanks.
- Oh. well. that's nice.
So this is the example
Benjamin sets for ya. huh?
Lettin' you get off early?
- Yes. but.
no. sir. I mean.
my daughter has a--
- Whatever. I don't
wanna hear it.
You. I want the
numbers on my desk.
and I want 'em by midnight.
- They'll be there.
- Yeah. they'll be there.
[bicycle chain clicking]
[soft pensive music]
- Hey. Sharon. that a new bike?
- Yeah. but the chains broke.
- [Conner] That's not bad.
- Where have you been?
You haven't been in school
for. like. two months.
Hey. what happened to your hair?
- Lori!
- I have cancer. or did.
They say they got most of it.
I don't really know.
They said my hair will
grow back some day.
But I'm moving
soon to go camping.
My dad doesn't have
to go to work anymore.
so he said we can live in the RV
and go camping whenever we want.
Pretty cool. huh?
- I wish we could do that!
- That means they're
gonna be homeless.
- Well. I've gotta go.
See you at school or whatever.
[bicycle chain clicking]
- You were supposed to
be back two hours ago.
- Yeah. well. the
unemployment office
doesn't exactly have the best
customer service. you know?
So where's Sharon?
- She's out riding her bike.
- All right. I'll go get her.
- No. no. she'll be back in
a few minutes. I know it.
- But it's getting late.
- If she's not
back in 15 minutes.
then you can go look for her.
She needs some time!
- All right. fine.
she needs time.
You know what?
I'm not the only person
who could work. you know?
I mean. maybe you could start
an online business.
or something.
You don't even touch
the computer I gave you.
Just an idea.
[soft tense music]
[bicycle rattling]
[bicycle chain clicking]
[wind blowing]
- When is Grandma comin' over?
- She's on her way.
- Where does cancer come from?
- [Conner] Comes from
eating too much pizza.
and it looks like
you're well on your way.
- There's never too much pizza!
- [groans] What was that for?
- Please. Conner.
Lori. where did you
hear about cancer?
- The girl down the
street named Sharon
lost all her hair from cancer.
Now she gets to skip school.
Could I get cancer?
- Probably not.
I don't know where
cancer comes from. honey.
There are plenty of
smart doctors who do.
- And Mommy?
- Yes. honey?
- Did you talk to
Daddy about the trip?
- He's not going to
take you camping.
He can't even make
it home for dinner.
You think he's just
gonna pop a tent for us
in the mountains. huh?
- Yes. I have
faith that he will.
- Grace first.
- I'll say grace.
Grace.
- I'll pray.
God. thank you for this meal.
and for our Conner.
so he'll be nice
and stop making fun of me.
Amen.
- Beautiful. sweetheart.
- Bella. where's Benjamin?
I mean. you know
Lancer's about to unleash
the feds on me. right?
And I gotta go over
those numbers with him.
I mean. where did he go?
I mean. this is startin' to
feel like Enron reincarnated.
- Sir. he went home.
- I see.
- He had a dinner reservation.
- Hmm. well. that's sweet. huh?
- Would you like me to call him?
- No. I'd like you to do
what I asked you to do.
which is to find my phone.
Can you do that for me?
- Sir. I called the restaurant.
and they said that they
hadn't found anything.
Who were you there with?
[Michael sighs]
- You get Benjamin here.
and I mean right now.
[soft tense music]
- You're kidding me.
I could try and slip away
after my dinner with my wife.
but he's not even gonna look
at it until tomorrow morning.
- No. he said he needs them
on the partner's
desk first thing.
- Bella. this dinner with
my wife is important.
I'm taking her to
The Melting Pot.
- [Bella] Look.
okay. the restaurant
is right down the block.
I'm gonna have a limo
come pick her up.
- Fine.
- Hey. how come you're
not in the shower yet?
No. no way.
- The firm's bein' audited.
It's the biggest
case we've ever run.
I've never seen
anything like this.
Durwood would have my job
if I didn't help him out.
- Excuses. it's all I ever hear.
- No. it's not.
It's the only way I'll
ever make partner.
- Make partner. right.
You lied to me.
- I got a limo for you.
I'll meet you at the restaurant.
It'll be just like we planned.
- I knew it. I knew
this would happen.
I don't know why I thought
tonight would be any different.
- We will. trust
me. I'll be there.
The sooner I get going.
the sooner I can meet
you at the restaurant.
- I am sick of it. sick of it!
Don't touch me!
- This night is as important
to me as it is to you.
I wanted to surprise you.
I got us a room
at the Vanderbilt.
[soft melancholic music]
- How can you live
with yourself?
- How do you do it?
- You're trouble.
- So we're good?
- No. we're not good.
- We're good.
[Beth sighs]
I'll be there. I promise.
[soft melancholic music]
[soft tense music]
- You look gorgeous.
Honey. what's wrong?
- You try being
married to a lawyer.
He's sending a limo so he can
meet me at the restaurant.
or so he says.
Romantic. isn't it?
- Well. depends on
how you look at it.
It could be.
Look at it like he's
sending his chariot
to pick you up to
meet him at the ball.
That has potential.
- It sounds nice. but that's
somebody else's story.
[tense pensive music]
- Tonight. this is your story.
[cell phone chiming
and vibrating]
[car revving]
[cell phone chiming
and vibrating]
- Durwood. what are you up to?
[car revving]
[tense music]
Yes!
[Sharon screams]
[loud thudding]
[car tires screeching]
[melancholic music]
Somebody. help me!
- [Radio Dispatcher] [mumbling]
300 Winter Boulevard.
[melancholic music]
[siren wailing]
- I heard a loud thump.
and those brakes
screeching like pigeons.
Then I looked up and I
saw that man over there
with a cell phone in his hand.
like all the kids do these days!
- [Policeman] He was
texting and driving.
would you say that?
- [Witness] Oh. I don't know.
- Stay here.
- I suppose so.
- Sorry. we're gonna take
this into evidence. sir.
- How's the little girl?
She gonna be okay?
I need to call my wife.
- You can do all that
from the station.
Were you talking
or texting on this
when the accident occurred?
- What are you saying?
- This phone. so you were on it
when you hit the little girl?
- What?
- You been drinking?
- No. I haven't.
- You have the right
to remain silent.
- What are you accusing me of?
- Anything you say or do can
and will be used against you
in the court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
Stand still.
[cell phone camera clicks]
- Look. no. I need
to call my wife!
- You're goin' in.
- What?
She's just down the street.
[muffled chattering
over police radio]
[tense pensive music]
[telephone ringing]
- Larry's Law. Darla speaking.
- Some lawyer hit a little girl.
I just sent you a picture.
This guy's a real scumbag
lawyer. probably filthy rich.
no remorse. like he was texting
at the time of the accident.
You owe me.
[siren wailing]
[Larry huffing]
- [Darla] Hey. Larry.
- I know this guy. we went
to high school together!
Real hotshot. fancy law school.
Thought he was really somethin'
just 'cause I didn't
go to Harvard.
- There ain't nothin'
wrong with a GED. baby.
- Not so hot anymore.
are ya. feller?
Not after Larry's
finished with you.
- Yeah. you got the spike gun!
[siren wailing]
- Okay. come on.
Sniper rifle.
Oh. yeah!
Yeah. what's he gonna
do now? [laughs]
[siren wailing]
- [Conner] Oh. my gosh!
- News is spreading fast tonight
as a community is left in shock
as former cancer patient of
Newtown Children's Hospital.
Sharon Blackwell. was struck
by an oncoming vehicle
and is in critical condition.
- Excuse me.
Excuse me. sorry.
What happened?
- Some guy just
hit a little girl.
- That's my dad's car!
Where's my dad?
- The cops. they took him.
- Dad!
Dad!
- Hey. you need to
run on home. kid.
I'm sorry. sorry. pal.
- Where's my dad?
- Your mom's probably
worried sick about you.
Go on. run on home.
[telephone ringing]
- Yes?
- [Carol] Beth. it's Carol.
- Thank God!
- [Carol] What's going on?
I keep texting and
calling Benjamin.
- He's been in an
accident. Carol.
He's run over a little girl.
They've taken her
to the hospital.
The police took
Benjamin. maybe to jail.
I don't know.
- [Carol] Beth. listen to me.
I know you're in shock.
I need you to focus.
We'll get through this.
Just stay calm.
[soft tense music]
- I think we're lookin'
at some real money. baby.
We have got to pounce.
you know what I'm sayin'?
No more sittin' around.
We've been takin' these
low-level jobs long enough.
Not anymore. no. sir.
Time to go for the big
leagues. you know what I mean?
I mean. no more
ambulance chasin'.
We gotta strike
while the iron's hot.
You know what's hot right now?
Textin' and drivin'.
drivin' and textin'.
Justice will take our
side any day of the week.
This is actually the
future of injury cases.
I guarantee it.
DUI's a thing of the past.
Are you listenin'?
Didn't look to me like
you was listenin'.
What's the golden goose?
- Textin' and drivin'.
drivin' and textin'. Larry.
I heard ya.
- All right. that's
what I'm talkin' about.
- [Darla] Well. if
that's the case.
then why am I still
on minimum wage?
- Honey. you lack conviction.
- [scoffs] That
doesn't make any sense.
- Let's talk about that later.
Did you get a hold of hospital?
- Of course I did.
- All right! [claps]
I'm tellin' you.
this is the one.
this is the one we've been
waitin' for. honey pie.
This is gonna take us places.
Forget the Bahamas.
I'm gonna shuck and jive.
They are not gonna
see Larry comin'.
Bang. zoom. I'm outta here!
- All right. all right.
good. just send it to me.
- [Mr. Hash] What's goin' on?
- Nothing.
- Is it about one of our guys?
Not in the middle of an audit.
We're already on thin
ice with the feds.
- Just stay out of it.
- We can't handle
publicity right now.
- As far as we know.
it was an accident.
I'm telling you. this is
nothing for you to worry about.
- Cut him loose. Jack!
Would you rather
take one to the head.
or two to the chest
and bleed to death?
Cut him loose.
I'm tellin' you.
we don't need this.
- Now. is that a threat?
- [sighs] What's the boy's name?
- Stills. Benjamin Stills.
- Larry. guess what!
Joe just called me.
They just took that little girl
to the children's hospital.
and get this.
- We won.
Try and track a lead right now.
- [Darla] He is a
big fancy lawyer
who represents the same company
that her dad was
just fired from.
- Lancer. it's called Lancer
Multinational Corporation.
Good one!
Now. get me the number of
the children's hospital.
and I'm gonna pounce
on this bad boy
like Saturday Night
Fever. baby! [grunts]
[soft melancholic music]
- What are you still doing up?
- They don't arrest a
driver unless it's serious.
He may face criminal charges.
- Beth. we will get through
this. I promise you.
But for now. why
don't you go upstairs
and try and get some sleep?
Worrying about this isn't
going to help anybody.
- Do you have any idea
what's going on outside?
[soft melancholic music]
You look out my front window.
and you tell me there's no
good reason to be upset.
- [Reporter] This picture
of Benjamin Stills
was taken just moments
after the accident.
[soft melancholic music]
[metallic clanging]
- Hey. sweetheart.
I like them shoes.
Where'd you get them shoes?
I think I wanna buy me a pair.
- I don't remember.
- Wanna hear a secret?
- No.
Sure.
- These guys are gonna eat
you alive in here. man.
Wedding ring?
Expensive watch.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of ya.
- I appreciate that.
- Benjamin Stills!
Goin' home.
[soft melancholic music]
[siren wailing in distance]
- Hello. Benjamin.
You might not know my
face. I work upstairs.
- Mr. Cromer. I
know who you are.
- Considering the situation.
I thought it might be helpful
if you had a friendly
face here to meet you.
Come on. get in.
How much do you know
about what happened?
- I remember everything.
I was driving along. and then.
the little girl just.
she came outta nowhere.
- Poor child.
- I have to go see her. I
have to go to the hospital.
Drive--
- No. no. no. no.
She's in a coma. but
her condition is stable.
Making contact with the victim.
that's not going to happen.
Right now. your
family needs you.
Benjamin. you need
to stay centered.
You had a company phone on you
at the time of the
accident. right?
- Police took everything.
- City or state. the officers?
- State. I think.
- Good. good.
Now. when you get home.
it's just fine not to
talk to those reporters.
If you're questioned.
it's perfectly
acceptable to just say.
"I don't recall."
It's all over the press.
That girl you hit
was a cancer patient.
What are the odds?
- I can't believe
this is happening.
- Press just gobbles that up.
I know you know this.
but it's very different
when you're the one
on the spot. trust me.
- Mr. Cromer. I don't
mean to be rude.
but I've worked for your
firm for several years now.
and you and I have never so
much as even sat down together.
Now this accident. and you
show up at the police station.
I appreciate the ride.
but what is this?
- You're one of
us now. Benjamin.
We always take care of our own.
[soft melancholic music]
Benjamin.
are you thinking this situation
might be more than
you can handle?
- Just slightly.
- Just pray.
You'll get through this.
Let's go. Andrew.
- Benjamin!
Oh. my God!
What happened to you?
You didn't call me!
- Okay. Sabrina. when you
go see Dr. Stevens tomorrow.
you tell him exactly
as I told you.
That's right. you've had
numbness down your arm
since the accident.
No. no. no. not before.
that's when it started.
Okay.
And you're gonna bring
a written report to me
that he gives you.
All right. baby doll. bye-bye.
I am gonna kill this thing!
[warm pensive music]
- [gasps] Where are the kids?
- They're here. they're fine.
- [panting] Right.
- Come back to sleep.
- It really happened.
- Yes. it really happened.
- I have to go see her.
- Honey. I don't think
that's a good idea.
Look. I know you wanna
do the right thing.
but it's all over the media.
They have it out for you.
There are reporters
at that hospital.
- If that little girl dies.
- It was an accident.
- If the girl dies.
they'll have me on
vehicular manslaughter.
- She's not dead.
It's gonna be fine.
- Honey. this is what
I do for a living.
- Benjamin!
I did not expect to
see you here this late.
That's dedicated.
- Just finishing up.
- You wouldn't happened
to have seen my phone?
'Cause I'm almost positive
I left it at that restaurant
that you and I were...
Ah. forget it.
So. what do you know
about that Lancer case?
- Not that much. actually.
- You know. I am curious.
when you got in that accident.
were you on your phone?
'Cause I was talkin' to the DA.
he said it happened pretty fast.
- What are you doing here.
and with friends?
- Oh! [chuckles]
Well. the partners
have impressed upon me
the privilege of bringing
to your attention
the importance of integrity.
and confidentiality when
it comes to anything
in regards to this
company. because
we are very serious
about protectin' our
interest. Benjamin.
Anyways. I did
have the foresight
to draft a little addendum to
the confidentiality agreement
that we have with you.
- Interesting.
- Mm-hmm. matter of fact.
I think you'll find that
in your best interest.
And
you'll sign it.
- And
if I don't?
- [laughs] What?
Nah. you don't wanna
go there. do you?
We're on the same
team now. aren't we?
And you will sign it. I promise.
Let's go. guys.
- [Tall Doctor] Well. right
now. we're in a waiting mode.
No one knows what
induces a coma sometimes.
- Okay. so what do we do now?
I mean. there's
gotta be something!
- We just have to wait and see.
- That's it. that's all
you've got to say to us?
- I'm afraid so.
We just have to see
how her body responds.
if she comes out of the coma.
We'll know more soon.
It could get worse.
it could get better.
I'm sorry. that's the
best that I can do.
- So what does
that leave us with?
- I'm sorry.
- Hey. how's your
daughter holdin' up?
- Are you a doctor?
- My name's Larry Layson.
I'm here visiting
one of my clients.
Heard what happened to your
daughter. it's a shame!
- Yeah. thanks.
- Do you have representation?
You're gonna need it.
- Representation for what?
- To protect your rights
and your daughter's.
The guy who hit her. he's
liable for serious damages
to your family.
I can help. if you like.
- I'm sorry. do you work here?
- Not exactly.
- Well. I appreciate it.
but I think we're okay.
- Oh. I'm sure you are. but
isn't this place expensive?
[laughs] Trust me. bills
that come aren't as friendly
as the faces you see here.
Now. I have a close relationship
with this hospital.
Could be a good help
to you later on.
Look. I care about your family.
I don't wanna see ya high
and dry after all this.
- No. they haven't been
that friendly here.
- No. they're not. here
you go. [clicks tongue]
[soft tense music]
[telephone ringing]
[Beth sighs deeply]
- Leave us alone!
- [Reporter] Would you care
to comment about your case.
The Public versus Mr. Stills?
It's our understanding
that Benjamin Stills
was texting while driving
when the accident occurred.
And the victim was
a cancer survivor--
- No.
- [Reporter] Is that correct?
- No comment.
- [Reporter] Well. no.
the public deserves to...
- A tragedy has rocked a small
community here in Nashville.
I'm standing outside the
home of Benjamin Stills.
the man accused of
hitting a small child.
As of now. the girl's
in critical condition.
A candlelight vigil will be held
at St. John's the Cathedral.
later this evening
in prayer for her healing.
We'll update you
as we learn more.
We'll send it back to
you now in the studio.
- [Sam] I need to talk to
you about the Stills case.
- Walk with me.
- Still haven't been able
to get to the cell phone
to prove he transmitted a text
within that 11-second
window the accident occurred
to send this guy
where he belongs.
- Oh. he's goin'
away. all right.
The question is for how long.
How's the girl doin'?
- Critical condition.
I think the parents
will play ball.
- You don't know that yet.
- I'll tell you what I do know.
If we don't make an
example of this guy.
the public will crucify us.
- Kid. I've been at this
20 years without worrying
for two seconds what
the public thinks.
- I'm tellin' you.
the hot button here
is voluntary vehicular
manslaughter for
driving and texting.
He knowingly got behind the
wheel of a two-ton vehicle
and chose to use
that cell phone.
knowin' the damage he could do.
- Just give me the
cell phone reports.
We're gonna nail this guy.
- I'm sorry. please don't call.
- Carol. any word from our boy?
- No. but there have been
several calls from reporters
asking about him.
What am I supposed to say?
- Ignore 'em. we'll
issue a statement soon.
Let us handle that.
What was he doing here so late?
- Durwood asked him to come in
and go over billing on Lancer.
- Hmm.
[soft pensive music]
Let me have everything
you've got on that.
- You got it.
[soft pensive music]
- Facing charges
of reckless driving
along with a pending charge
of voluntary vehicular
manslaughter.
If convicted. you could
receive a sentence
of five or up to 20
years imprisonment.
Do you understand
what you're facing?
- Yes. Your Honor.
- Are there any priors?
- [Lawyer] None. Your Honor.
- I will be releasing you on
your personal recognizance.
but as the record indicates.
you've been accused of
texting while driving.
Therefore. you are not to be
behind the wheel of a vehicle
for any reason. is that clear?
- Your Honor. given the
considerable resources available
to this defendant. we
consider him a flight risk.
That coupled with the threat
that he poses to the public.
we're asking that he be
detained until trial.
- Then although
he has no priors.
because of the
financial resources
available to the defendant.
I'm gonna reduce the flight risk
by requiring the defendant
to wear an ankle tracer.
Bail set.
- Your Honor. what if
this happens again?
This is a man who's proven
that he will disregard the law.
What if he gets
behind the wheel.
sends another text while
he's in a belligerent state?
Whose child will end up--
- Well. you need to
save that for the jury.
Bail set.
[gavel clangs loudly]
- I can't believe they're
making you wear that dog leash.
as if you would leave town
before this whole
thing is settled.
It's humiliating.
- I hate that I'm
puttin' us through this.
- I wanna take the
kids and I wanna go.
- I don't want you to leave.
- Then I need you to
sit down with them
and explain to them
what could happen.
[dramatic tense music]
[telephone ringing]
- Hello!
- [Conner] Who is it?
- It's gonna be all
right. I promise.
- No. it's not.
It's not.
- What will be all right?
- Nothing. honey. you
finish your breakfast.
I'm gonna take you
to school today.
- What about Mommy?
- Mommy and Daddy
have some stuff to do.
- Yeah!
[Katherine shushes]
Dad got her--
- Conner!
Let your mom and
dad handle this.
- Dad got arrested
for hitting Sharon.
- It's not true. you're lying!
- I told you it right
after it happened.
Why won't you just accept it?
- [Lori] Daddy. Daddy.
Conner said you were in jail!
- Daddy's going through
a difficult situation.
I did have an accident.
and now I gotta see
if I can make things right.
- Dad ran over your
friend. Sharon!
Tell her!
- No!
- That's enough.
- No. he's right. I did.
- I've told you. I've been
telling you this whole time.
- Lori.
She's in the hospital.
Your mom and I. we're gonna
go see her this morning.
- I can draw her a picture
and make her feel better
so they won't take you
to jail forever. Daddy.
- I think that's a great idea.
I'm sure it will
really help her.
- I'll go get my drawing set.
Gonna need a lot of
colors this time.
- Conner. go help your sister.
- Come on. please.
- Conner. go.
- He'll come around.
[telephone ringing]
- Don't answer that.
- [Katherine] And just why not?
[telephone ringing]
- Death threats.
- Oh. that's no way to live.
[telephone ringing]
just no way at all.
May I help you?
No. I'm afraid you
must be mistaken. I...
You should watch your mouth!
Your mother would
be ashamed of you!
Good day!
[knocking on door]
- You're not gonna like
what you find here.
We just got the report back
on your boy's cell phone.
- Try me.
- Voluntary vehicular
manslaughter.
- You're not serious.
- Death requires responsibility.
- What am I missing here?
You know. if you keep
fishing like this.
it's you who's not gonna
like what you find.
- You know. you're awfully
protective of this kid.
I wonder why.
- And you're outta your depth.
- Yeah. maybe so.
- You like that chair.
comfortable enough for you?
- Could use a little
more lumbar support.
but it's okay. why?
- I wouldn't get too
comfortable if I were you.
You might not be sitting
there much longer.
- [Reporter] Cromer. Mr. Cromer!
[reporters speaking
simultaneously]
- Take it easy. take it easy.
We would appreciate
it if all the media
would give the parties
and their families
time to grieve in
this situation.
Thank you.
That will be all.
[reporters speaking
simultaneously]
- Can I help you?
- Yes. I--
- We're looking for
Sharon Blackwell's room.
- She's in ICU. sixth floor.
- Appreciate it.
- Hey. haven't I
seen you on the news?
- Come on. guys. let
me escort you up.
- Can I help you?
- I'm Benjamin--
- Yeah. I know who you are.
You're the one who did
this to my little girl.
- Yes.
- I'm the attorney
for the parents.
Anything you have to say
to them. you can say to me.
I'm here for their protection.
- I just wanted to see if
there's anything I can do--
- You'll find no catharsis here.
- Ooh. are we okay here?
- We're all right.
What you have done to this
poor child is unforgivable.
Now. I'm gonna need you both
to give this family some space.
We'll see you in court.
Are those even real?
Thanks anyway.
- I'm so sorry. we didn't--
- Honey.
[melancholic pensive music]
- I don't enjoy doing this.
It's the worst part of my job.
If we don't handle this now.
we'll regret it down the road.
and so will your family.
This will ensure that I
can protect your rights
when things get ugly.
- What do you mean ugly?
- This isn't your first
time through this.
You know what those
hospital bills look like.
Is it fair to your
wife that you leave her
without a roof over her head?
- Oh. this guy was insured.
We're not vindictive.
we don't sue.
- Yeah. but even the
Bible says that a shepherd
needs to protect his
flock from the wolves.
and right now. the wolves
are. [knocking on table]
are knockin' at your door.
- Yeah. well. what do
you get out of this?
- Oh. no. sir.
No. sir. I don't
take an upfront fee.
I get paid when you get paid.
I just wanna see you blessed.
But a workman is
worthy of his wages.
I know you can attest to that.
Right now. though. my
number-one priority
is to make sure your family's
not left high and dry.
- Yeah. but look. I'm still
on the fence about this.
- Okay. okay. but look. the
aggressor here. don't forget.
works at one of the largest
law firms in the state.
We can sue the company as
well for gross negligence.
By then. we're in the
seven. eight figures easily.
Look. I know what
you're thinkin'. but
I have a philosophy.
from the Bible in
1 Timothy 6:10.
It's not money that's evil.
It's the love of money. the
Bible actually says that.
You gotta just keep
it in its right place.
- Yeah. I hear you.
- Good. good.
I'll get you the
contract through email
and we'll take it from there.
[door bell rings]
- I don't wanna go. Daddy.
- We'll be together soon.
It's for the best.
- Conner. did you
pack underwear?
- I know how to pack. Mom.
Thanks.
- Remember how to get there?
- Yup. do you know what
I did with my keys?
- Yeah.
- Come with us. I don't
think you should stay here.
It's too dangerous.
- I'll be fine.
- I don't like leaving you.
- I don't like
leaving you either.
- We'll be together soon.
- No matter what?
- No matter what.
[birds chirping]
- I'm sorry to have to say this.
but there's absolutely
nothing that we can do.
Tests don't reveal
any brain activity.
and machines are the only
thing keepin' her alive.
I'm sorry.
[respirator hissing]
- What do you mean you're sorry?
There's gotta be
something else you can do!
This is a hospital!
[respirator hissing]
[clock ticking softly]
- Hope you don't
mind. I let myself in.
- I don't mind at all.
- Had a talk with the DA today.
Things are not as we'd wish.
- Why are you here?
- Did you hear what I said?
[soft melancholic music]
- [Benjamin] Courtesy
of your friends.
- Where's your family?
- They're safe.
- I'm glad to hear that.
- If you came here for your
confidentiality agreement.
you can go.
I'm not signin' anything.
- I don't know anything about
a confidentiality agreement.
Look. if you need money.
you can always ask.
- What are you talking about?
- I'm concerned about you.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I'm on your side. Benjamin.
you should know that.
- 'Cause you're trying to
protect your interests?
- That's right.
You're workin' with me now.
Benjamin. I know you're a good
man. and you made a mistake.
Now you think your life is over.
It's not.
But you need to be strong now
for your wife and your kids.
See. they're carrying
this burden with you.
They need you now
more than ever.
- How can I be there for
my family if I'm in prison?
- Look at me. Benjamin.
I chose to build an
empire over my family.
Now I'm old and rich.
and I'm alone.
You ever see a hearse luggin'
a U-Haul full of money?
I would trade it
all in a heartbeat
to have a home to go back to.
for one moment to
have my family back.
We're not guaranteed
another day.
but we have today.
And your family needs
you now. Benjamin.
Be strong.
strong for your family.
Read that.
Might do you some good.
[melancholic pensive music]
[respirator hissing]
[Jennie humming]
[Jennie mumbling]
- Honey.
you remember Mr. Layson.
He wanted to check on Sharon.
- Why is that guy always
sniffin' around here?
- He's representing us.
[respirator hissing]
- We don't need a lawyer.
Our daughter needs us.
Why don't you call our pastor?
- Jennie. I'm unemployed.
Welfare barely gives us
enough to make the bills.
and who's gonna
pay for all this?
We sure can't afford it.
That's what Larry's
here to help us with.
- Then you deal with him.
I'm busy.
[respirator hissing]
- Okay.
- Shall we?
Nice meetin' you.
[respirator hissing]
I'm not focused on the money.
I'm focused on seein'
your family prosper.
One second. so many hurtin'
people in the world.
Just call Larry.
I know it's a hard
pill to swallow.
but we gotta prepare for
the worst just in case.
Now. if she lives. it's
a harder case to make.
but we'll swing for
the fences regardless.
I think we should go ahead and
file. it's been long enough.
Thing is. nobody likes to go
to court and sign legal papers
while preparin' for a funeral.
It's time. we need to build
the ark before the storm hits.
[knocking on door]
- Look. I don't have to tell you
the entire state's
lookin' at this case.
I have an interview on
primetime this evenin'
about texting and driving.
How do I look?
Oh. never mind.
- His superior. Michael Durwood.
gave me his personal assurance
Stills would be comin' in.
It's taken care of.
- [District Attorney]
Let's hit it.
- [Michael] He'll
be here any minute.
- Good. let's get
this over with.
- This is how we're repaid.
stealin' from the company.
[scoffs] You know what gets me?
He's workin' under
my nose every day.
I mean. I never saw it comin'.
Oh. guys. this is unbelievable.
- It appears that he's
been nesting millions
in an unidentified
Cayman's account.
- Well. that's a travesty.
See. now.
that is a travesty.
- [Doug] Oh. I can't
take this anymore.
- Well. maybe if
you prayed more.
you'd know she's a fighter.
- I know she's a
fighter. Jennie.
I was there for the
chemo too. remember?
And you want me to pray more?
You want me to pray for what?
Want me to pray that our
daughter doesn't get cancer.
that she doesn't
get hit by a car?
'Cause I don't know
what to do anymore.
It's time to say goodbye.
- Fine.
- Guys. I'm your pastor.
and I'm here to support you.
but are you sure this is
what God wants you to do?
- [Jennie] No.
- I mean. listen. once
you make this choice.
there's no undoing it.
I just think you
need to pray about it
and give God room to be God.
- I can't do this.
I'm not doing this today.
I think I need a minute.
- I miss Daddy.
- I miss him too. honey.
- Just not enough to
stick it through with him.
Face it. you're
weak and selfish!
- Conner. don't talk to
your mother like that!
- Conner. sit.
Sit.
Lori. honey. you too.
I would like for all
of us to say a prayer
for the little girl who's
in hospital. Sharon.
and pray that she
will be healed.
- [Lori] Do you
think it'll work?
- I think it just might.
- Conner!
- [Larry] What'd
Dr. Stevens say?
- I don't know if we're
doin' the right thing here.
Somethin' doesn't feel right.
I don't know if I can do this.
- Gotta do what's in your heart.
What's your heart tellin' you?
- If my baby girl dies--
- Not if.
Your heart.
- I'm angry!
I'm angry that my
daughter's suffering
and there's nothin'
I can do about it.
and I'm angry about
everything. the situation.
- [Larry] I'm
representin' you now.
You let me handle this.
You want to see the
man pay. who did this.
same man who protects
those monsters.
Took your job and your
family away from you.
- I don't know what I think.
[melancholic pensive music]
[telephone ringing]
- Mornin'.
Anything I should know about?
- Durwood wants you upstairs.
- Can hardly wait.
[telephone ringing]
[melancholic pensive music]
- [Michael] Benjamin!
- This is different.
- Well--
- Let me interject.
This is gonna be very short.
These officers are
here to take you in
and they'll explain
everything to you.
- [sighs] How could
you. Benjamin?
I mean. after all
we've done for you.
I don't know what to say.
- Wait. what's this about?
- Your text messages
confirmed an illegal transfer
of company money to
an offshore account
at the time of your accident.
- What text messaging?
- Coulda been a rich man
in the Caymans. but ooh.
got in a little
accident. didn't we?
- Look. our forensics
team has all this.
Can we wrap this up?
- This isn't what it looks like!
- Benjamin. it was all
on your cell phone.
[cell phone ringing]
- Well.
What are you waitin' for. boys?
Go ahead and arrest him.
Go ahead. get him outta here.
[cell phone ringing]
- Gentlemen. excuse me.
- [Michael's Mother]
Michael Anthony Durwood.
I'm telling you for the
last time it's not smart
to ignore your mother!
You'll see. you'll
regret it one day.
Michael Anthony--
- He's your man.
- [Michael's Mother] I love you.
and I'm not always
going to be here!
- [District Attorney]
You wanna take this?
- [Michael's Mother]
I just care about you.
- Hey. Mom.
[handcuffs clicking]
I told you not to
use that phone.
[soft tense music]
- Mr. Cromer. I may
need a few things.
- Whatever you want.
Benjamin. just name it.
[respirator hissing]
- No matter what happens.
God is with you.
[respirator hissing]
even in the valley of
the shadow of death.
She's safe.
[respirator hissing]
- No. wait.
I need a moment with my baby.
[respirator hissing]
[machinery beeping]
I know you can hear me.
Your mama loves you very much.
You're a fighter.
You are my heart.
my soul. my breath.
[respirator hissing]
We'll play together again.
- [Doctor] Are you ready?
[respirator hissing]
I need verbal confirmation
that you both understand
what I'm about to do.
- We understand!
We agree.
- Ma'am?
[melancholic music]
[respirator hissing]
- All right.
[melancholic music]
You breathe.
[respirator hissing]
[melancholic music]
Don't stop.
Don't take her.
Come on!
[respirator hissing]
[melancholic music]
Come back!
I need you.
[melancholic music]
God. don't do this
to us! [crying]
Come back now!
[melancholic music]
[Jennie crying]
[vital signs machine
beeping continuously]
- [Doctor] Never seen
anything like this before.
- What?
What is it?
Sharon?
- What's goin' on?
What's goin' on?
- She's moving.
[Jennie stammering]
Sharon.
She took a breath!
- Sharon?
- Her eyes are opening.
- She's breathing on her own.
- Yes!
- That's my girl!
- Of course!
- [Doug] That's my girl!
- It's a miracle.
- She's a miracle.
[warm pensive music]
- [Jack] As a matter
of fact. I got a call
from my old pledge
mate. state's attorney.
- Once the DA?
- Oh. yeah. yeah. DA said
the girl's off life support.
breathing on her own. and her
brain scan all appears normal.
What's wrong?
- That little girl and
my daughter were friends.
Her father worked for Lancer
and was recently terminated.
- Yeah. that is unfortunate.
- Lancer's still our
number-one client?
- Oh. yeah. yeah.
- Would you be willing to see
if you could get his job back.
no termination clause. full
benefits. all retroactive?
- I'll look into it.
- I'd appreciate that.
- Go home to your
family. Benjamin.
- Thanks.
[Jack laughs]
[birds chirping]
[telephone ringing]
- I'll get it.
- [Katherine] Are you sure?
- I can handle it.
[telephone ringing]
Hello?
Who is this?
I will hunt you down!
You will regret ever
calling this house.
Of that. you can be sure!
What?
What are you doing here?
You're not supposed to be here!
And how did those
monsters find this number?
- [Benjamin] What are
you talkin' about?
- Our children's
lives are in danger.
- No. that's what I
came here to tell you.
She's gonna be fine.
- You have to go. that's
how they found us.
They were following you.
- No. nobody's
followin' me. all right?
Beth. she's gonna live.
She's gonna live.
- Oh.
- [Jack] Well. I expect
you heard from my friends.
or you wouldn't be calling.
- [District Attorney]
Well. your man is lucky.
- Explain lucky.
- [District Attorney] I
just got the report back
from the state. and I
was waitin' to charge him
until after the investigation.
The report indicates
that although
there was texting
involved prior to--
- Get to the point.
- [District Attorney]
We will not be pursuing
any charges at this time.
- Good.
Good.
- Ms. Blackwell.
- We--
- I know who you are.
- Is your husband here?
- I don't know.
I can check.
- Can we see her?
- Honey. I don't think
they're ready for that.
- No. it's okay.
It's okay.
God tells me to forgive.
Do I want to?
Maybe not.
But I know she would want me to.
- I know there's
nothin' I can say
that can change
what happened. but
I know that God wanted
me to come here today.
- [Doug] Well. congratulations.
- I know I'm the last
person that you wanna see.
- So God told you
to come here. huh?
Yeah. I heard what you said.
So glad you could have
your come-to-Jesus moment
while nearly killing
my little girl.
And here you are with your Bible
and your little stuffed animal.
And now what?
What. you go off and do
some kind of penance.
some thing to make yourself
feel better for what you did?
That's great. but you know what?
When this is all over for
us. and the lights go down.
and then they boot us
out of this hospital.
we're gonna be out there
with a broken child.
traumatized for the
rest of her life.
Why don't you take your
stuff and whatever it is
you came to say.
and just get out.
- You have every right
to be angry. all right?
I think you know that my law
firm represented the company
you used to work for.
Want you to know you
have your job back.
You've been reinstated
with full benefits
for you and your
daughter. all retroactive.
Everything's gonna
be taken care of.
- I don't know what to say.
Thank you. thank you.
We need this.
Well. I have a
hungry little girl.
Would you like to come meet her.
Baby girl. I'd like to
introduce you to someone.
- Hi.
- I remember you!
- [Benjamin] You do?
- You're Lori's dad.
- That's right.
- Are you the man that
I hit with my bike?
I'm so sorry. I didn't
mean to hurt your car.
- No. no. that was my.
yes.
That was me.
- You don't have to feel
bad about that. you know.
- Okay.
Lori wanted you to have this.
She drew it for you.
- I don't mean to interrupt.
She needs her rest.
- Baby girl. say goodbye
to Mr. Benjamin. okay?
[soft warm music]
- [Conner] Dad!
- [Benjamin] Hey. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait!
- What?
- Right here. wait.
- [sighs] We just can't
get away from this thing.
- I'll be brief.
Hey. make sure you
got all your stuff.
Don't leave anything behind
at Grandma's this time.
Hello?
- Hey there. Benjamin.
I thought I might
reach you here.
- Hello. Mr. Cromer.
- [Jack] Get ready
for the big trip?
- We're tryin' to. we're
just about to leave.
- Listen. Benjamin.
I know what I said.
but there's a case just
came across my desk.
It is huge.
I'd really like to tag
team this with you.
You know. maybe postpone
that trip just a week.
I'll send a chopper out
there and pick you up.
- As tempting as that may be--
- Just be for a week.
I'll give you my plane after
and you can take your family
for a camping trip or
the Bahamas if you want.
- Just how big a case
are we talkin' about?
- You think I'd be offering
all of this if it wasn't huge?
Might be a partnership
in it for you.
- [Benjamin] No. my
family has to come first.
I'll talk to you
soon. Mr. Cromer.
- I see.
- Come on. Dad.
- [Benjamin] Let's
hit it! [exhales]
[playful video game music]
[cell phone ringing]
[cell phone vibrating]
- [Lori] What's going on?
- [Conner] Dad?
[cell phone ringing
and vibrating]
- This is a family trip.
and we're a family.
and these things.
as cool as they are.
they're just a distraction.
So I'm gonna power mine down
and throw it in the back.
Who's with me?
- [Lori] I'm with you. Daddy.
- Okay. I'm game.
- [Conner] Come on!
- I'm so proud of you.
- Hey. all right.
- Why are we doing this. Dad?
- Come on. put it in!
- Come on. Conner.
you can do it.
- All right.
- I told you Dad
was gonna take us camping.
- That's right. here we go.
Oh. last one. come on.
- [groans] You got me.
- Yeah. some day.
you're gonna thank me.
Let's go!
- Dad.
I love you.
[warm music]
- I love you too.
Let's go.
[warm orchestral music]
- [Conner] Let's go camping!
- Yeah!
Buckle up.
[warm orchestral music]
Here we go!
[melancholic pensive music]